***
# **Tools**

* ## Tasks management and organization:

## *Trello*

It's an app based on the Kanban method and it's used to manage tasks allowing the organization of group work collaboratively through virtual boards made of tasks lists ordered in columns.

This app will also help us organize and manage the Product Backlog and Sprint Backlog, that is because it provides very useful tools so that we can have a better performance. 

Trello let's us organize and prioritize tasks, it also manages the famous *To Do, Doing* y *Done* which are very important elements in the *scrum* methology.

Some benefits of using Trello for the development of our project are:

* The app is very simple and intuitive.
* It has system notifications.
* Search engine.
* Public or private boards can be published.
* Data confidentiality with security backups.

**Product Backlog:** A team board will be created where the tasks we'll be organized in a prioritized way.

**Sprint Backlog:** A team board will be created where the sprints will be organized, and *To Do, Doing y Done* columns will be made.
***
* ## Repositories:

## *GitHub*
Is a project management and code version control system, and a social media platform designed for developers.

In GitHub we'll upload the majority of the project development, since it's a collaborative tool made to do constant changes, we'll be able to have a better productivity in management and organization. All this through the repositories it offers. 
***

* ## Comunication:

## *Discord*
Discord is a social platform in which you can create various group chats for different purposes. It has many different functionalities, allowing text chat, voicel call and even video calls.

We'll use Discord for direct communication with the entire team, where we'll decide on task organization, requirements, product backlog, sprint backlog, and other important activities. 

 **Meetings:** A channel with all the team members was created for the meetings. We meet every week to talk about various topics respecting the project, and for this we use the voice channel so the communication can be more detailed and direct. 
***
* ## Html coding:

## *Sublime Text*
Sublime Text is a cross-platform code editor, light and with a few concessions to frills. Is a tool made to program without distractions.

This tool we'll allow us to develop and edit the majority of the html code for the website.

***
* ## Website interface:

## *Bootstrap*
Bootstrap is a CSS and Javascript framework designed to create clean interfaces and with a responsive deign. It also offers a big set of tools and functions, so the users can easily create any type of website.


***
# **Research**

For the research and the information that the product will have, we'll use the math faculty site [Facultad de Matemáticas](https://www.matematicas.uady.mx/ "Click aquí") , since it has the information about the careers offered.

We'll also get information from members of the different organizations of the faculty (student society, student council, Workshop)
## *Google Drive*
This app is used to make the different drafts of the research so that the whole team can see it and edit it, for a better information organization.
