***
# User stories

**Story 1**- Interface **As:** User **I want:** for it to have an interface **For:** navigating in a dynamic way, without much text and with a flamboyant design.

  Conditions:
  
  -An harmonic color array.
  
  -Intuitive.
  
  -Just the right amount of text for it not to have too much information.
  
 **Story 2**- Sections **As:** User **I want:** the information divided in two **For:** differentiation between the careers information and the organizations information.
  
  Conditions:
  
  -Each section will have a series of subsections.  
  -Each section and subsection will have a brief explanation of the contents of it.
  
**Story 3**- Disciplinary area **As:** User **I want:** a section **For:** knowing about the different disciplinary areas that are found in the different careers in the math faculty.

  Conditions:
  
  -Each different disciplinary area of each career is shown.
  
  -Have the main topics of each area.
  
**Story 4**- Work field **As:** User **I want:** Information **For:** knowing the graduation profile and the work field.

  Conditions:
  
  -Show different companies related to the work field.
  
  -Having the main characteristics of the graduation profile.
  
**Story 5**- Organization description **As:** User **I want:** A section **For:** knowing how the organizations are, meaning, a description of each.

  Conditions:
  
  -Giving a brief description of the organization.
  
  -Showing the objectives as an organization.
  
  -Having at least one representative of each one (student council, student society, workshop)
  
**Story 6**- Activities **As:** User **I want:** Information **For:** knowing how and which are the most common activities of the different organizations.

  Conditions:
  
  -Having the most importante activities of each organization.
  
  -Showing approximate dates of them. 
  
  -Explaining each activity.
  
**Story 7**- Join an organization **As:** User **I want:** Information **For:** knowing the process to be able to join any of the organizations.

  Conditions:
  
  -Showing if it requires any kind of monetary cost.
  
  -Explaining if an specific type of profile in needed to join.
